Gary B. Genett

Seattle, WA • 206-391-6606 • me@garybgenett.net • garybgenett.net •
linkedin.com/in/gary-b-genett

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Senior Technical Project Manager

Strategic Delivery | Organizational Change | Systems Integration

Goal-focused professional with 20+ years’ success driving all aspects of product
ownership, project management, and organizational change to cultivate growth
within pressurized environments. Strong ability to build and lead teams that
meet and exceed established goals and expectations. Highly adept at developing
and implementing controls, processes, and best practices that enhance
operational efficiency and mitigate risks. Well-versed in mergers and
acquisitions, and technically proficient with cloud architecture and automation.
Demonstrated ability to guide full product and project management lifecycle,
from scope definition and initial planning to final delivery, to ensure on-time,
on-budget, and on-target results.

Core Competencies

  -------------------------- -------------------------- --------------------------
  • Change Management,       • Process Development,     • Mergers & Acquisitions
  Transformation             Optimization               

  • Product Strategy &       • Cross-functional         • Large-Scale & Quick-Turn
  Roadmap                    Collaboration              Projects

  • Scope Definition &       • Stakeholder Engagement   • Requirements Gathering
  Planning                                              

  • Team Building &          • Sales, Consulting &      • Public & Internal
  Leadership                 Training                   Documentation

  • Cloud Migrations &       • Complete Product         • DevOps, Agile, Waterfall
  Operations                 Lifecycle                  & Scrum
  -------------------------- -------------------------- --------------------------

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Professional Experience

Highspot – Seattle, WA

Senior Technical Project Manager, 2020 to 2021

Pivotal role on the Content Integration, Management and Consumption teams,
operating at the confluence of Product Management, Engineering, Design, and
Customer Service. Drove integrations with third-party content management and
creation systems like Google Drive, Sharepoint and Dropbox, enabling customers
to import and organize their vast content libraries. Provided a variety of
compelling data-driven customer experiences, managing the complete lifecycle of
sales collateral. Developed hybrid Agile models to deliver SaaS products and
technologies, applying and adapting processes commensurate with the company’s
strategic objectives, size and challenges. Worked closely with Product
Management and Engineering to understand new features and product enhancements,
ensuring that they were effectively documented and communicated, thoughtfully
implemented, and thoroughly tested. Collaborated with Product Management,
Engineering, Design and QA to develop release plans and track progress to
success. Created development processes and tools to meet the scaling
organization’s needs and create predictable results.

Key Contributions:

-   Grew the initial team through two organizational restructures, including
    dividing the group into 4 teams focused on different SaaS disciplines
-   Authored multiple documents and developed custom Jira configurations,
    establishing processes which operationalized independent development teams
    with individual needs, increasing feature delivery by 400% over the course
    of just 6 months
-   Delivered 4 frontend and 3 backend integrations with Salesforce, Quip,
    HigherLogic, Widen, and OpenText, all of which drove new business, including
    Salesfoce, Facebook, Fortinet and Gojo
-   Secured a recurring $2M Salesforce deal through delivery of critical
    required product integration advancements over 4 releases

Alaska Airlines – Seattle, WA

Senior Technical Project Manager, 2019

Established design patterns for new and existing document types to develop a
usable and maintainable library of all resources needed for executive,
management, developer, and support audiences. Collaborated cross-functionally to
gather and comprehend requirements and define clear scope. Developed document
creation and management processes for company use for foreseeable future, to
facilitate migration from on-premises to Azure cloud-based model. Contributed to
project scoping and planning, documentation, systems maintenance and downtime
planning, and continuous improvement. Prevented disruptions to project progress
by identifying and escalating risks well in advance.

Key Contributions:

-   As a part of a $40M integration program, pioneered a centralized
    documentation management system and ongoing maintenance processes aimed at
    helping Alaska Airlines become the first airline to succeed in pulling off
    FCC certification of full M&E system alignment post-merger with Virgin
    America
-   Strengthened controls and overall quality of outcomes by creating and
    implementing best practices to ensure smooth transition to cloud-based
    DevOps model

Enviro-Master – Seattle, WA

President, 2016 to 2019

Leveraged strong leadership abilities and strategic thinking to lead a
high-performing team to deliver all daily operations with attention-to-detail,
efficiency, and excellence.

Key Contributions:

-   Achieved a high level of customer satisfaction, directing nearly 100 sites
    across the Puget Sound region
-   Directly doubled sales by increasing sites by 50%, resulting in an
    additional $100K in revenue
-   Reduced operational budget to optimize profitability, following the
    acquisition of failing Swisher business

F5 Networks – Seattle, WA

Intentionally performed 5 cross-functional positions over 12 years, from 2004 to
2016, spanning the full product lifecycle through market analysis, business
strategy, product management, customer requirements, architecture, design,
program management, product development, release, go-to-market, competitive
analysis, pre-sales, close-of-deal, implementation, deployment, and migration,
with support and consulting through the entire process.

Senior Product Management Engineer, 2014 to 2016

Guided the end-to-end product management lifecycle to completion within budget
constraints and deadline. Demonstrated ownership and effective advocacy to the
executive team to achieve a high-standard of support and fulfil budget goals.
Leveraged external and internal relationships, influence, and expertise to
direct product strategy and roadmap to accomplish delivery targets.

Key Contributions:

-   Built an integral new cloud/orchestration team to ensure smooth operations
    and optimal productivity amid evolving organizational dynamics
-   Established and drove a new vision for automation, integrating all existing
    technologies into a unified suite across 5 disparate teams with different
    knowledge domains, technology areas and development models
-   Remained at the forefront of changing market trends and anticipated customer
    needs to develop direction

New Product Introduction Engineer, 2009 to 2014

Guaranteed a high standard of preparation and readiness across sales and
services organizations ahead of new product and service releases. Ensured clear
communication channels and optimal operational efficiency as a liaison between
the company’s major departments, including marketing, development, services, and
sales functions. Closed integral deals and optimized retention by performing
customer visits with account teams as corporate representative.

Key Contributions:

-   Spearheaded the effective milestone release of 5 innovative technologies and
    deep product rewrite
-   Steered the internal homegrown heuristics tool to pre-analyze customer
    diagnostic files for the support team through initial stages to
    customer-facing product

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Education and Certification

Programming Course, University of Washington, Seattle, WA

Programming Courses, Seattle Central College, Seattle, WA

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Technical Proficiencies

Cloud/SaaS/Paas/IaaS, Node.js, Python, Web Development, HTML/CSS/Javascript,
Web/System APIs, REST/JSON/XML, SQL, Git, SVN, DevOps, Agile, Waterfall, Scrum
