MWHPR14MB11988961882CCBA35DB0C9BECE5F9@MWHPR14MB1198.namprd14.prod.outlook.com

1. Please share details of your experience bringing a software product to market
The Salesforce deal was a milestone achievement for Highspot, given our size as a startup, and there was a tremendous amount of pressure on delivering the extensive feature requirements by an almost undoable hard-deadline.  It required both back-end and front-end components, with multiple cross-dependencies between them.  In order to make the schedule, we creatively broke the work up into chunks not based on technology area but Architect lead-time and QA turn-around.  This gave us the ability to make rapid progress on much of the overall work, delivering to QA every other week while we worked with Architecture to determine what core infrastructure absolutely needed to be right the first time and what could be done quick-and-dirty and refactored later.  The project did hit a major late-game blocker, due to unforeseen limitations with the 3rd part system we were integrating with.  We were successful in negotiating a mitigation strategy with the client and succeeded in delivering all possible functionality on time, closing a $2M/yearly contract.

2. Describe your interactions with various stakeholders including software development
I have worked cross-functionally in every discipline in the product lifecycle, including release and support.  This has provided me deep insight into the workload, challenges and joys of each role, and also given me genuine empathy.  This enables me to closely align with the goals and aspirations of people on an individual basis, giving me greater trust, respect and influence.  Developers and Engineers, in particular, are most happy and productive when they are recognized as creative makers and not just code-engines.  Leveraging their individual strengths, coaching and mentoring, and creating a shared sense of vision and achievement together has enabled me to be effective where others might not have been.

3. Can you share an example of going above and beyond to solve a problem?
One of my crews was completely oversubscribed, and we were blocked on an integration because someone needed to research the 3rd party API, review our code, and determine the scope of the effort and what the work needed to be.  This was in the midst of the Salesforce deal with another crew, so I was also personally over capacity.  Since I had a background in APIs and integrations, I did the research and went through our code.  At the time I was still new to the product, and completely inexperienced in the framework we were using on the back-end.  I worked backward to determine where in the code we were doing various initializations, and was able to commit edits and submit a pull request.  The Architect made time to review it, knew off the top of their head what additional pieces I missed based on what I touched and where, and completed everything in a modified commit.  It took them less than an hour, and we were done with an effort that would have consumed almost a full day of their time, in addition to disruption in their focus due to mental context-switching.  It took me several late nights to figure it all out to save us that cost.
