1st Sentence – overview of experience
2nd Sentence – most recent role and project
3rd Sentence – breadth of work experience, major domain areas
4th Sentence – education, certifications, and software experience if necessary
5th Sentence – unique interests or quirky facts that set you apart SAMPLE

Damian has deep experience in planning and execution of digital marketing campaigns in the technology sector, developing and managing relationships with executive spokespeople to ensure messaging alignment through ads, PR, case studies, videos, industry analyst panels, and executive events.
In his last role, he built and managed global teams that work for clients in a variety of capacities on marketing and B2B demand generation.
His focus of work has been centered around all manner of marketing content, marketing operations and effectiveness, and audience engagement - for some of the most visible brands in the technology sector.
Damian has a B.A. in Economics from Whitman College.
Outside of work, Damian is a Game of Thrones fanatic and highly recommends this video guide to each episode.  You might also find him entertaining his two kids or deep into a historical documentary film.”

Gary has 15 years of experience guiding organizations toward establishing a direction that achieves their mission and goals, and loves the challenge of stepping into chaotic and uncertain situations, gaining an understanding, and finding the way forward.
He spent the last two years running his own business, and previously held marketing, sales, services and engineering roles at information technology companies.
Providing multi-disciplinary technology expertise and perspective to executive leadership and decision makers is his specialty.
Applying personal principles of adaptability, holism, foresight, presentation, passion, practicality and optimization is how he achieves his goals and the objectives of those he works with.
Despite becoming a business leader, he is still a computer technology enthusiast, and he balances screen time with wilderness backpacking escapes as often as he can.
