

GARY B. GENETT


Seattle, WA • 206-391-6606 • me@garybgenett.net •
www.linkedin.com/in/gary-b-genett


Pathfinder & Technologist

ORGANIZATIONAL CHANGE | PROJECT MANAGEMENT | PRODUCT OWNERSHIP

Goal-focused professional with 15+ years’ success driving all aspects of
product ownership, project management, and organizational change to
cultivate growth within pressurized environments. Strong ability to
build and lead teams that meet and exceed established goals and
expectations. Highly adept at developing and implementing controls,
processes, and best practices that enhance operational efficiency and
mitigate risks. Well-versed in GNU/Linux, cloud architecture, and
automation. Demonstrated ability to guide full product and project
management lifecycle, from scope definition and initial planning to
final delivery, to ensure on-time, on-budget, and on-target results.

CORE COMPETENCIES

  -------------------------------------- ------------------------------------- --------------------------------
  • Change Management & Transformation   • System & Process Optimization       • Technical Project Management
  • Product Strategy & Roadmap           • Cross-functional Collaboration      • Stakeholder Engagement
  • Scope Definition & Planning          • Requirements Gathering              • Delivery Management
  • Team Building and Leadership         • Product Support, Sales & Training   • Budget Management
  • Full Product Development Lifecycle   • Program & Schedule Management       • Release Management
  • DevOps / Agile / Waterfall / Scrum   • Performance & Functional Testing    • Source Tree Management
  -------------------------------------- ------------------------------------- --------------------------------



PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE


Alaska Airlines – Seattle, WA

Senior Technical Project Manager, 2019 to Present

Established design patterns for new and existing document types to
develop a usable and maintainable library of all resources needed for
executive, management, developer, and support audiences. Collaborated
cross-functionally to gather and comprehend requirements and define
clear scope. Developed document creation and management processes for
company use for foreseeable future, to facilitate migration from
on-premises to Azure cloud-based model. Contributed to project scoping
and planning, documentation, systems maintenance and downtime planning,
and continuous improvement. Prevented disruptions to project progress by
identifying and escalating risks well in advance.

_KEY CONTRIBUTIONS:_

-   As a part of a $40M integration program, pioneered a centralized
    documentation management system and ongoing maintenance processes
    aimed at helping Alaska Airlines become the first airline to succeed
    in pulling off FCC certification of full M&E system alignment
    post-merger with Virgin America.
-   Strengthened controls and overall quality of outcomes by creating
    and implementing best practices to ensure smooth transition to
    cloud-based DevOps model.


Enviro-Master – Seattle, WA

President, 2016 to 2019

Leveraged strong leadership abilities and strategic thinking to lead a
high-performing team to deliver all daily operations with
attention-to-detail, efficiency, and excellence.

_KEY CONTRIBUTIONS:_

-   Achieved a high level of customer satisfaction, directing nearly 100
    sites across the Puget Sound region.
-   Directly doubled sales by increasing sites by 50%, resulting in an
    additional $100K in revenue.
-   Reduced operational budget to optimize profitability, following the
    acquisition of failing Swisher business.


F5 Networks – Seattle, WA

Senior Product Management Engineer, 2014 to 2016

Guided the end-to-end product management lifecycle to completion within
budget constraints and deadline. Demonstrated ownership and effective
advocacy to the executive team to achieve a high-standard of support and
fulfil budget goals. Leveraged external and internal relationships,
influence, and expertise to direct product strategy and roadmap to
accomplish delivery targets.

_KEY CONTRIBUTIONS:_

-   Built an integral new cloud/orchestration team to ensure smooth
    operations and optimal productivity amid evolving organizational
    dynamics.
-   Established and drove a new vision for automation, integrating all
    existing technologies into a unified suite.
-   Remained at the forefront of changing market trends and anticipated
    customer needs to develop direction.

New Product Introduction Engineer, 2009 to 2014

Guaranteed a high standard of preparation and readiness across sales and
services organizations ahead of new product and service releases.
Ensured clear communication channels and optimal operational efficiency
as a liaison between the company’s major departments, including
marketing, development, services, and sales functions. Closed integral
deals and optimized retention by performing customer visits with account
teams as corporate representative.

_KEY CONTRIBUTIONS:_

-   Established detailed in-person and web-based training for each
    release and new technology to maximize product knowledge.
-   Spearheaded the effective milestone release of 5 innovative
    technologies and deep product rewrite.
-   Steered the internal homegrown heuristics tool to pre-analyze
    customer diagnostic files for the support team through initial
    stages to customer-facing product.
-   Reduced production time from several weeks to a few days and
    increased retention by pioneering innovative video-based training
    format.
-   Designed and presented comprehensive internal product sessions at
    international sales and services conferences.

Field Systems Engineer - Technical Sales, 2006 to 2009

Delivered high-quality support to thousands of devices during the
development of Azure public cloud. Built and strengthened key
professional relationships and provided comprehensive support for
technical work, resulting in MSNBC case study.

_KEY CONTRIBUTIONS:_

-   Significantly grew customer adoption as primary engineering
    representative on Microsoft account team.
-   Increased customer device count by 300% and revenue by 400% with
    only 2 additional team members.
-   Pioneered detailed integration guide and training to aid 3rd party
    development and improve quality and efficiency.
-   Initiated and directed 2 successful production deployments of
    revolutionary chassis architectures for Xbox Live.

Product Management Engineer, 2004 to 2006

Established a high-caliber new team to perform all key duties within
time constraints, including developing roles and responsibilities and
creating templates for deliverables and reports. Played a key role in
steering the overall product strategy and building prototype solutions
to solve technical challenges.

_KEY CONTRIBUTIONS:_

-   Led the initial analysis, guidance, and testing for 3 successive
    company acquisitions.
-   Drove the successful development of a Performance Testing Guide,
    setting the industry standard for comprehensive review.
-   Expertly released SSL VPN for UNIX-like systems, as Perl script and
    Video Demonstration of Process.

_Additional experience as NETWORK SUPPORT ENGINEER for F5 Networks,
IMPLEMENTATION SPECIALIST for MICROS Systems, UNIX TIER 3 SUPPORT
SPECIALIST for HostPro, and OPERATIONS AND SYSTEMS PRODUCTION SUPPORT
for VoiceStream Wireless._

------------------------------------------------------------------------



EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATION


PERL PROGRAMMING COURSE, University of Washington, Seattle, WA

COMPUTER PROGRAMMING COURSES, Seattle Central College, Seattle, WA

------------------------------------------------------------------------



TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES


Node.js, Python, C, Bash, Perl, TCL, Web Development,
HTML/CSS/Javascript, Web/System APIs, REST/JSON/XML, SQL, Git, SVN,
DevOps, Agile, Waterfall, Scrum
