I've been watching ExtraHop grow since it's inception in 2007.  Starting at F5 in 2004, I worked with Jesse and Raja as a product management engineer and as the sales engineer at Microsoft.  Many former F5ers have joined the ExtraHop team over the years, and I've been fortunate to have a close thumb on the pulse of the company.

For the last two years I've been running my own company, because I wanted additional business experience beyond my engineering background, and also the opportunity to further develop my leadership and organizational skills.  Few in the technology industry can claim to have embarked on such a mission.  It was a rewarding journey, but one which was costing me my health as a one-man small business in the extreme economics of the Seattle area.

I'm moving back into the technology industry, which I have enjoyed working in for almost 20 years.  The innovation, collaboration and feeling of participation in the advancement of the human race have called to me during my time investing in another endeavor.  My inner geek was languishing while I was business owner, hobbyist projects were not enough to feed it.

I enjoy innovating and problem solving immensely, and environments where I am able to bring the whole of what I have to offer is where I thrive.  At F5 I proved my engineering and product management capabilities, and now have the added expertise of true business acumen, a rare attribute for information techonologists.

As ExtraHop poises itself for IPO, I believe I can contribute greatly to the team.  F5 was still a very small company when I started, with only a few million on revenue and a couple hundred employees at the time.  I grew with that company in central roles as it achieved billions in revenue and thousands of worldwide employees.  With the added experience of creating, building and running my own company, I have an immense amount of knowledge and skill to bring to the table.

In addition to Raja and Jesse, who hopefully still recall working with me after all these years, there are a half-dozen former F5 employees at ExtraHop who can vouch for my work.  Colin Walker is a direct referral, but I'm sure if you speak with Jeff Costlow, Keith Rickards, John Matthews or David Botha, none of whom I've checked in with about this position, they will have good things to say.

All that is to give myself a foot in the door.  I'm confident that if we sit down to chat, I will be able to thoroughly impress on my own merits.

-- Gary B. Genett

==========

How did you hear about ExtraHop?
* Former F5 employee, with several professional ties to ExtraHop.
