Early Years:
I evolved rapidly, going from a self-educated open-source hobbyist to a leading Product Management Engineer role within 4 years.  I was on the forefront of the revolutionary Application Delivery and Load-Balancing technology developed by F5 Networks, setting the standard for scalability during the early dot-com evolution of the Internet.  I was the lead on 3 successive company acquisitions, and wrote the industry standard performance testing methodology.

Mid-Career:
I intentionally took on cross-functional roles across the entire spectrum of the customer experience, from technical sales to customer requirements to architecture and design to release management to customer support, and then back around through the lifecycle.  I built and led the first cloud-focused team at F5 Networks, developing our vision and strategy, guiding our leadership and achieving executive consensus, and managing the 5 disparate development teams needed to execute.

Recent Years:
Having demonstrated my capabilities as a visionary technologist, I was eager to challenge and develop my business acumen.  I launched and ran my own business, including acquiring another company.  I increased our customer base by 50% and added $100K of revenue in under 3 years.  I sold the business and returned to technology, where I am helping Alaska Airlines with a $40M project to complete the acquisition of Virgin Airlines and simultaneously migrate to a cloud and DevOps model.

Personal Values:
People first, always.  Move them forward, and everything else will move forward from there.  Define a direction, and then inspire and motivate.  When emotional engagement is high, execution follows.

A recent assessment by Indeed, where I found this opportunity:
https://beseen.indeed.com/assessment-results/18021f2812a5d0ec

---

Submit Resume

Woohoo! employHER, thanks you for submitting your application. In any instance that someone else chose to apply for you and you do end up getting to the interview round, we’d like to meet your biggest supporter. It is not everyday that you get someone who believes in you enough to submit an application on your behalf.

Now that you’ve completed the hardest part, let me congratulate you on taking your first step towards an exciting career.

We are super excited and honored to have you apply with us today. If you happen to be the talent we are looking for then one of our FABULOUS HUMANS will reach out to you via an email. Until then keep shinning you ROCKSTAR!

Best of luck,

The Amazing Robot!
